Public Grievance Addressal System
Project ID: group 5
Project Name: Public Grievance Addressal System

Project Stakeholders:

   AndiosDroid(Copyright pending) 

   Full stack developer:
     Devyash Sanghai
     Roll no:52
     Phone no: 8080216490
     Email Address: devbackhome@gmail.com
   
  Android Developer:
     Samir Shah
     Roll no: 59
     Phone no: 9930281833
     Email  Address: sjshah.shah8@gmail.com

Project Decription:
 Background:
   This idea has been inspired from existing application using by Boston City council and London        
   city authority. This application has a very good growth potential in Indian metro cities.
   This application suite comprises of various small application connected by common    
   communication backbone.   
   This is a crowd sourcing application where input or issue will be logged by responsible civilian     
   of  the city.
  
 Challenges:
     Usage of google maps API  and maintaining the database for multiple enteries
     Developing a responsive and well synchronised application

Opportunities:
     Direct Implementation of the app in the BMC application that is already available in the app   
     store.
     Learining google web apps,python and android application development

Measurable Organizational Value(MOV):
    “ To be a freethinker and develop IT solutions for the benefit of the society ”

Project Scope: 
   There would be one map based mobile application, where civilian can record following issue of       
    street.
1, Potholes
2, Blocked Drain
3, Streetlight Maintenance
4, Encroachment in No Parking Zone
5, Contamination of water supply.
    They can capture various description of problem by supplying its real time snap associated with    
    exact map location. Moreover, they can supply addition information like is it an asphalt road? Is   
    it a paver block road?  Is it a synthetic cement road? Also user can provide possible reason of  
    pothole like due to underground cable maintenance? It is due to drainage maintenance? Etc
Authentication would be supplied by user (Facebook or Google Account), where as mobile number will be optional with an OTP in further versions.) 
 It will make the system of collecting complains:
   Transperant
    Less Tedios
    Open


Project Schedule Summary:
   Project start date:11thJuly 2015
   Project end date:31st March 2016 
   Timeline:

Project Budget Summary:
   Total Project Budget:
     10,000 Rs. pa(approx )
    Budget Broken Down By phase:
      Initiial:
             Training: Cost of resources(Free and paid courses) 
      Deployment cost:
             Cost of Server:depends on the usage
             Cost of domain:1500 INR yearly.

Quality Issues:
       The design should be fluid and well as reponsive.
       The design should be userfriendly for all age groups.
       The design should implemented such that the referesh rate should be high.
       The design should work well for desktop,tablet, and mobile screens.

Resources Required:
       Training material:
           Python,Rest API,HTML5/CCS3,Bootstrap,Github,Android Development, Realtional      
           Database,Javascript,Google Maps API usage, 
       Software:
           Android Studio,Photoshop(Paid),Google Polymer, Google App engine,Python SDK,Google   
           API usage,O Authentication:Facebook,Google, GitHub, Bootstrap.
       Technology:
            Python,HTML/CSS,Javacript,SQL Alchemy, Android

Assumption and Risks:
    Assumption used to develop estimate:   
       Training period is successfull completed on time.
       Software Develpoment is possible with all the current resources.
       Software doesnot require technologies out of scope.
       User andoid software is above API level 15(Icecream sandwhich) 
    Key risk probablilty of occurance and impact:
       App crash due to inaccesbile datebase
       App crash due to loss of internet connection
       App crash due to inablity to track geolocation
       Unable to perform facebook and google authentication(User does not have an id)
    Constraints:
       Flegling developers
       Time constrains
       Connectivity issue between different technologies
    Dependancies on other projects or areas within or outside the organisation:
       Google Web App2 framework
       Android API lvl 15 SDK 
    Assessment projects impact on organisation:
       Burgeon of the company to newer projects by the BMC and rest of india.
    Outstanding issues:
       None
 
Project Adminsitration:
    Communication plan
       Backend-Website Developer:Android Developer, if any problem persist search internet if no solution fun contach friends
    Scope manangement plan
    quality management plan
    change manangement plan
    Human resources plan
    Implementation and project closure plan:
Acceptance and Approval:
     Name,Signatures and dates for approval
References
Terminology and Glossary:
Appendix:              

         
  
            
